Update docs and release note with readme changes (#9666)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/swan-lake-2201.11.0/RELEASE_NOTE.md

### Improvements

> - Replaced `Package.md` with `README.md` as the primary documentation for packages, ensuring a unified documentation format across Ballerina Central and version control platforms. The default `README.md` can be overridden by specifying a preferred file using the `readme` field in the [package] table of the `Ballerina.toml`.

Reviewer: Let's add the customization capability as a separate note.

- Introduced the capability to override the default `README.md` by specifying a preferred file using the `readme` field in the [package] table of the `Ballerina.toml`.

Author: Added with a61e7a2db16807cc17377b542957940bbae66d9c

> - Replaced `Package.md` with `README.md` as the primary documentation for packages, ensuring a unified documentation format across Ballerina Central and version control platforms. The default `README.md` can be overridden by specifying a preferred file using the `readme` field in the [package] table of the `Ballerina.toml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Replaced `Package.md` and `Module.md` with `README.md` as the primary documentation for packages, ensuring a unified documentation format across Ballerina Central and version control platforms.
```

Reviewer: Let's provide an example of ld and new package structure along with `bal build -t lib <package>` highlighting the generation of `README.md` now.

> - Introduced the `[[package.modules]]` array in the Ballerina.toml to define module-specific metadata, such as export and readme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Introduced configuration support to specify metadata, including enabling export and defining a custom readme file name for a specific module.
```

Reviewer: Shall we add an example, rather than mentioning the `[[package.modules]]` array in the explanation?

Author: Added with a61e7a2db16807cc17377b542957940bbae66d9c

> - Upgraded the version of BALA archives to 3.0.0 to accommodate these changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Upgraded the version of BALA archives to 3.0.0 to accommodate the above changes.
```

Author: Changed with a61e7a2db16807cc17377b542957940bbae66d9c
